This page explains in general the structure of this project and how to navigate through it.

# Angular and the file structure

This frontend uses the angular framework. This is clearly visible from the file structure. Each component consists of a `.ts`, `.scss`, and a `.html` file, and each component is part of a module, which can be found in the parent folder as a `*.module.ts`. Sometimes a `*.service.ts` service is used for very specific functionality. For more information on the angular file structure, click [here](https://angular.io/guide/architecture).

# Navigating the app

The app can be found under `src/app`. Other folders belong to imported modules/dependencies or styling and can be ignored.

## project-administration

This folder contains the pages the user gets to see. These pages are generated by the Ampersand/RAP generator. The name of this folder depends on the project that is generated. In our case, the name of the project is `project-administration` and is the template application we use to test the frontend with.
Based on your user roles, you will receive a number of menu items displayed in the sidebar. These route you to the pages in this module.

### /active-projects

This page contains a `box-table` component with all projects set to active.

### /inactive-projects

Similar to /active-projects, but showing all projects not set to active.

### /list-all-interfaces

This page contains a `box-table` component with all interfaces that are part of this application. Some of these have a page assigned to them, while other do not and can therefore not be accessed.

### /people

This page contains a `box-table` component with all people in the system, also showing which projects they are assigned to.

### /person

This page contains a `box-form` component with all information about this person. (Depending on your active roles it may or may not be possible to edit the values.)

### /project

This page contains a `box-form` component with all information about this project.

### /project-edit

Similar to /project, but the atomic components can now be edited.

## admin

This folder contains some predefined administrative pages, each with very specific functionality.

### /installer

The installer page consists of tiles related to (re)setting the population state. In other words, the people and project data can be initialized or reinstalled.

### /population

The population page allows the user to export the population in its current state, or upload a custom population file.

### /report

_..._

### /roles

This component can be accessed by clicking the roles button on the topbar (the user icon). It can be used for testing to configure the roles you, as the user, have.

### /utils

_..._

## backend/http-interceptors

This folder contains the scripts used to act on HTTP requests and handle HTTP responses.

## core

This folder contains global scripts that cover the entire application. Currently this is only an error handler, which displays error messages, both in the console, as well as in a pop-up toast message.

## generated/.templates

This folder contains `.html` layouts for certain components. More on these components at [/shared](#shared)

## layout

This folder contains components related to the angular layout, e.g. the sidebar and menu items.

### /shared

This folder contains custom components used in Ampersand applications. For more information about these components and their use cases, click [here](interface-components.md)

## tools

This folder contains the building blocks for the tools page. The tools page is used to present and test each of the shared components.
